Update JSON API - contract template identifiers info (#748)
digital-asset/docs.daml.com: docs/2.10.0/docs/json-api/index.rst

Where:

- ``templateId`` is the contract template identifier which has the following
  two formats: ``#<package name>:<module>:<entity>`` or ``<package
  ID>:<module>:<entity>``. 
  

>   The package name format works with the smart contract upgrading feature so

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The package name format supports the smart contract upgrading feature,
```

>   that contracts with different package IDs but the same package name can be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  allowing contracts with different package IDs but the same package name to be
```

>   used in a uniform manner. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  used uniformly. 
```

  
  Using the package ID format refers to a single package. 
  

>   Previously JSON API had supported partially qualified template IDs, (i.e.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Previously JSON API had supported partially qualified template IDs, such as
```

>   simply ``<module>:<entity>``) as an interactive convenience which fails if

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ``<module>:<entity>``, as an interactive convenience, which fails if
```

  there is more than one package with matching template names. **Since this

>   format was not supported for production use and will not work with smart

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  format is not supported for production use and does not work with smart
```
This suggestion follows the style guide and avoids using the future tense. If it significantly changes the meaning, please disregard it.

Where:

> - ``templateIds`` -- either an array of contract template identifiers in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``templateIds``: either an array of contract template identifiers in the
```

>   same format as in the :ref:`create request <create-request>`.  It can also

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  same format as in the :ref:`create request <create-request>` or
```

>   be an array containing a single interface identifier to search through.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  an array containing a single interface identifier to search through.
```

  Mixing of template ID's and interface ID's, or specifying more than one
  interface ID is not allowed.

>   - ``query`` -- search criteria to apply to the specified ``templateIds``, formatted according to the :doc:`search-query-language`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - ``query``: search criteria to apply to the specified ``templateIds``, formatted according to the :doc:`search-query-language`.
```

> - ``readers`` -- *optional* non-empty list of parties to query as; must be a subset of the actAs/readAs parties in the JWT

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``readers``: *optional* non-empty list of parties to query as; must be a subset of the actAs and readAs parties in the JWT.
```
